chore(deps): update dependency sqlalchemy to v1.4.36 (#7756)
GoogleCloudPlatform/python-docs-samples: composer/airflow_1_samples/constraints.txt

pandas-gbq==0.14.1 # must be under 0.15.0 until https://github.com/apache/airflow/issues/15113 is addressed

> SQLAlchemy==1.4.34 # must be under 1.4 until at least Airflow 2.0 (check airflow setup.py for restrictions)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
SQLAlchemy==1.3.23 # must be under 1.4 until at least Airflow 2.0 (check airflow setup.py for restrictions)
```

> SQLAlchemy==1.4.36 # must be under 1.4 until at least Airflow 2.0 (check airflow setup.py for restrictions)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
SQLAlchemy==1.3.23 # must be under 1.4 until at least Airflow 2.0 (check airflow setup.py for restrictions)
```
